1. In any case the usefulness of these correlations is ques-
tionable. 
2. The amino group is in the B—position. 
3. Work is under way to settle this point. 
4. A simpler method is to render the aqueous solution more acidic. 
5. Every fact is a process rather than a static entity. 
6. The plus or minus sign is to be chosen in each of these equations. 
7. Further we are to give up these assumptions. 
8. A different method of procedure would be to list all the known geometric facts. 
9. Symbolism is not only of practical use but of great interest. 
10. We are trying to do our best. 
11. Definite progress in the four-colour problems is disappointing. 
12. The interpretation of Hegel's dialectic method is clear. 
13. Art is a manifestation of emotions. 
14. This constraint is of practical value. 
15. This was due to the noise disturbances. 
16. Intuitive conclusions based on immediate observation are not always to be trusted, for they are often misleading. 
17. Their failure to obtain satisfactory results in the latter case is not due to testing table. 
18. A different approach to the problem is due to Pernedo (1972).
19. Pleasure is not the sole good. 20. This analysis is possible due to the recourse to mathematical methods of statistics.
21. The fundamental task of system analysis is not solving problems but defining them. 22. The anisotropy due to cobalt is especially helpful. 
23. They are to have due regard for precision of the data. 
24. These seemingly basic alterations of the administrative structure will be of small practical importance. 
25. Vinogradov's proof is by no means elementary or even easy. 
26. Newton supposed that the mean density of the earth is between 5 and 6. 
27. We shall be surprised if it occurs at all. 
28. Everything perceived is to be found in Nature. 
29. The components of a functional diagram are interconnected logical modules. 30. Strategies available in the dynamic situation are usually complicated functions of information received and actions undertaken at the preceding stages. 
31. One criterion could be to consider first tests covering fewest faults.